[Music]
what's up and kids good to the ceo at the
last minute okay faked super express right
now on twitter burning dallas
in trends because he's fighting
with aro now threads of dallas dallas in
trends aro already responding with a
thread come on answer again now he
explained the context and we read the
tribals precisely it's about this
live that this live if you remember
last night at
night at night and there at
night and let's see this they sent it to me
so I could see what is an
arrolla live in which he is
explaining to his followers a little bit the
axis that he is receiving that he is
receiving many comments of hey I don't know
what I don't know how much
the live is worth it has a couple of things that you have to
take with a grain of salt first of all
that many of the people who are defending
are actually themselves you are being
told a story like the
haters he has have hate accounts
but that he also has accounts to
defend himself okay and she knows
that they are the same people I do
n't know why  They sent the
IPs and everything, although
this can't be like this, but you can
send them to them today, you can't know the IPs,
only Twitter has them, they can't
give you the IPs, okay, now yes,
PNV and has reported, yes, you have reported and
the judge asks Twitter for the IPs,
things are complicated for that
reason, but okay, listen to me
[Music] I
understand that you were being a little bit
to scare off the haters, okay, but
okay, I was a little fed up,
the king or whatever gets along with us, what's
going on, well, what's going on and what's burning up a
little on Twitter is this specific click, it
sounds a little low, but okay, I'll
put it up,
and
the private message about the word fanatics,
ah,
the one with the word, is saying that some
of those who are coming to harass her are
very fanatic, absolutely
fanatic, the one with the word, here, however you
spin it, she's referring to
Dallas, you know that these people do
that, I don't understand why, but they've always
had that thing about the unmentionable one.
that the monkey edge can be mentioned
with jordà the wall and that nonsense of the
word [ __ ] they are fan of the one
that makes no sense that fan of the one they
are going to attack you because to which critic of
the strong one went to the FBI is worth more than her
is that I do not criticize her no that is
critical of the law but well of taking a
long time more but well that they
call you a fan and you know that they get more visits
because they have the little bee next to them
positions that many are fans of Dallas I am
not saying that all
Dallas fans are like that but it comes to me a lot from
Dallas for example okay
but come on this is to give it to
continue from here it is referring to
the because I say that it is referring to
the because there are people who say that there are no
people who say that it refers to this because of
the issue that mentions the little
man of the FBI I do not know what he knows but well the fact
is that this is an account of 300
followers
that could I have listened to the
entire live piece and there are things that I could go
for these tweets because it seems that you
mention them literally but here these
of  dallas i think adds it i think
includes it and i've really
seen this in its entirety the click stop mentioned is
not very relevant i'm telling you because
dallas doesn't mention it again as far as i
know it would have been mentioned again we
would have talked here on the channel not
the orchard mentioned those videos of the
moment that exploded not of the 10 of
the 10 seconds too and such and well
of the threads and i give you my opinion hey aro
already since you like to go around saying that i'm
missing today we harass lies because we
only complain about your boyfriend never about
you you forgot to say that you were
here for years supporting the harassment against
me that she has already deleted to hide
evidence and supporting criminals to make it
as long as possible she
clarified that this was the name of her
old account then she deleted everything to
pretend that she didn't do anything and i never
mentioned any of that in fact i defended her
against the public abuse of her boyfriend and
now she dares to say that we are the
thing mos silent stalker okay
this is the  famous video video the wind
beach against dallas
and aro already shares it on his
twitter account, he likes it and shares it on
his twitter account okay let's see what he
responded to what was already
done
hello two things so you have the
whole info 1 I said some dallas fans not
all of us we all have absurd people in the
fandom including me okay let's see this is okay they
are friends if in truth we all
have people who are sick okay I
can even have some fans I will
surely have them that are
[ __ ] that are stupid okay I have already
said it many times the important thing is
that in my live shows I always say don't
say anything that I am not going to
say anything to anyone I don't know what not and I
block in fact I block whoever is
disrespectful even if it is not me the lack of
respect and it is someone that I am
criticizing okay but when you say that
they are followed a lot since the words
are sowing it is already sowing
purpose that people have the image
okay he is going to tell me that he does not have this
intention but yes that people have the
image that dallas followers
are very  stalkers okay they are very
doing stalkers I have not
always saved videos that
interested me under the like because if you
save it instead later
once you see them it disappears from there I have
people in the fandom who harass Alex and
vice versa out of jealousy because no if there are going to
be people in yours with problems
too and more when you sent at the
time to a lot of people oil ar
senseless like you are doing
now and if I saved the video I like how I
do with my videos more of makeup
clothes etcetera so as not to lose sight of it
because at the time I wanted to pass it to
another person to talk about the subject wow
what a way to promote the biggest harassment
save a video to talk about the
subject with someone privately
well regarding this regarding
Haro's tweets already but let's finish
let's see what the girl answered
well simply that nobody believes
you for not saving the video to
pass it on privately you gave him that
disgusting video of a criminal fart
publicly and never in your life have you
asked for forgiveness for it let's see if you
think people are so stupid that  you
convince me with that lie and you have been
mentioning me tirelessly for
more than a year
recently again when I
only mentioned you once on top of that to
defend yourself from the abuse of your
public boyfriends you are going to save a video in a
public tweet with millions of views
like that go on and you had more tweets but you
have deleted them all to pretend that I am
harassing you when literally people were just
telling you get out of there because what he does to you I
still maintain that it is complete abuse
you mentioned me for years to give
support and publicity to bestialities against me
on your part you have already shared the video I support the
video okay the whip video where he
calls him an abuser
animal abuser woman abuser child abuser
but he like he shared the video he
shared the video listen to the media in his
day I also ate the video with potatoes I
also believe it okay but the excuse
red hood is
that I gave it to him there to save it
to save it so as not to lose it the
viral video of the week the number one viral video
in trend that everyone
is talking about
the most viewed video on the channel the wind
michu  chat I don't think it's necessary to
mark it with a like so you don't
lose your family, I can
miss a video from a channel that has
100 views and I find a video that
interests me, I can save it and
like it, but man, missing the
most important video of the week, even of the
year, I see it as complicated, I see it as
mental gymnastics, okay,
and also, if you usually save
videos that way, you don't have it
configured on Twitter to
share it because then you're going to be
sharing crap on Twitter with your followers all the time
that isn't
interested in it, it's like that, a family gymnastics, let's
put it however we put it, this is the
same as when you were denying that
he was talking about the live show for the fans of the
los, it's been done like this, a gymnastics, listen to me,
hoop, you already liked the video, you didn't like him, give him
support, the video at the
time you shared it on your Twitter, hey, do you
regret it? He doesn't defend it anymore,
that he's in vouchers, that they don't think anymore, okay,
but you shared the video, you liked it, you
supported the video, that's showing
your support for the video
there  that admitting things then
he declared nothing then there's the thing that he
had more truth and he deleted it but
of course it's one's word against the
other she hasn't denied it either that's the
only thing that can be ruled out no because
Dallas could say he has many cousins
written many tweets and then he
deleted them so it can't be seen
we would have one's word against the
other when someone mentions me and it
's something about me I remember I remember
okay even though I deleted it I know that he
mentioned me hey porsche because it
happens to me with people hey I know that this one has
messed with me even though now I don't have the
same account even though I don't have the tweets
but this guy messed with me in his day I wo
n't forget and above all things so
strong but well I would still be free
to believe it or not believe it because
Gala says it we wouldn't have anything the word but
well what we have that she hasn't
denied it what I do say
I wouldn't start to classify it as abuse
of an abuser or the abuse does not form
the deal what Alexis did I would have
called it something else in another way I would have called it
unpleasant
stupid
a bad deal okay it's not
a good deal either
obviously the shamelessness side
million but well it's that they
were mistreated it seems to me a
very strong word you know plan you have to
call you have to use it when you have to
use okay then I would not have
qualified it like that I would not have I would
not have qualified it as abuse or
full abuse abuse what the FBI which
is not good treatment either well but
I'm going to call it another way I
would have called well that
is the humiliating publicly
your name your videos publicly made
some very ugly comments he gave you
very unpleasant treatment in other ways
because it is abuse it is a very
strong word that can hurt a lot that can last for
many years okay just like
this video did a lot of damage to you man this well
such I would have qualified it
another way only that okay because
because we do not know the context of the
relationship they have of the
trust they have when it comes to
playing jokes what kind of jokes they
play what kind of jokes they admit what
kind of tone they use to
talk to each other but well it's the only period
that I would point out here but well the thing with
the hoops already seemed like gymnastics to me
okay I think it says something  more what was
written something else and something else having said that I'm
not going to respond anymore I'm going to ignore the
[ __ ] and nonsense of little children
I spoke to you with education and respect at the
time and I will continue to do so now
despite your attempts of I don't know what twitter if you
give me the verified
for this it's not a [ __ ]
this simply that when those of us who
are verified have a
tab here in which only
the notifications of the people appear verify
okay the only thing
one thing that I did want to point out that I
think is also important is that we have to be
careful when we are
in charge but in this case I say
we are because they have also told me
many times
one thing is that someone responds to you
publicly to something that precisely on
this occasion the initiated had a hoop already
with your click that we just saw from the
live but don't say that they are sending
people because sending people to
welcome you or sending people to
insult you or sending people to I don't know
what is something different okay and it is something that
man that of course is very wrong
but it is different okay because if we
put ourselves by that rule of three you also
in your  directly when nobody called you
tell the other there is the one that the fans of the
gentleman of is that they told me those things
because they are super fans of the gentleman of
then that we also have to say
that you are sending people to
think that the fans of Dallas are
stalkers or agent of the fan where Dallas
that they get out of there that they do not follow
Dallas because everything to not surround yourself with
stalkers you have to be a little
careful but well family what do you think
that you think you are there reading
give like if you like the video also I was
very fast belo okay they
informed me by guarding the car and I
came running and here you have it
very fast see you in the next
video
[Music]